
Abbey Manager: REST multiplayer management game using ncurses or tkinter or bootstrap
====

- ncurses: See this list. http://www.use-strict.de/list-of-cool-ncurses-games.html and Curse of War https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZH4qbIxpx4
- REST would probably work well for multiplayer games like Drug Wars, Travian, or Football Manager: no real-time interactions, slow gameplay at the scale of hours or days, not seconds.
- theme: the abbey of The Name of the Rose. You are a 14th-century abbot, managing an abbey of 60 monks and 150 servants, with a library, infirmary, church, smithy, brewery, etc. Quotes from the book, p39-41: "it has more books than any other Christian library", "your abbey is the only light that Christianity can oppose to the thirty-six libraries of Baghdad", "many of the monks living in your midst come from other abbeys scattered all over the world. Some stay here a short time, to copy manuscripts to be found nowhere else, not without having brought you some manuscript or great rarity in exchange. Others stay here for a very long time because only here can they find the works that enlighten their research.", "Only the librarian knows where to find a book in the labyrinth of the library, which truths and falsehoods it contains, and who should or should not read it."
- Could have time-based mechanics. 
- Farmville meets Agricola: resource production more customizable/complex than Farmville, synergies within your resource productions and consumptions more abundant than in Agricola.
- Abbey = inn + church + library. Thus 3 currencies. 1) Each transaction happening inside the inn generates gold. Selling veggies or animals brings gold too. Gold is spent on new buildings, seeds, animals, and relics. Use gold to buy favors from the King (eg mercenaries/militia to protect from thugs and beasts). 2) Pious monks praying in the church generate piety. Abbey piety cap is the sum of the praying monks' piety. Piety decreases and increases slowly (whether below or above cap). The Pope can sanctify very pious monks or send Inquisitors against those he considers heretics. 3) Knowledge is acquired by copying books, storing them in library, and adequately hosting scholars from the entire world. The more erudite your abbey, the more your Order will direct scholars to visit it.
- Overall, the King prefers an abbey that is rich (and skeptic), the Pope pious (and ignorant), and the Order erudite (and poor). The King hates the Order which hates the Pope who hates the King.
- Friars vs monks vs nuns vs ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Ecclesiastical_titles
- Each Order has particular rules and tradeoffs: Benedict (respect of the hierarchy), August (mendicants), Albert (= the Carmelite mendicants), Franciscans (minority and penance), Cistercian (manual labour and self-sufficiency), Trappist, Carthusian, Pachomius, Cluniac, ...
- http://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/
